[shopsys] jms/translation-bundle fixed to version 1.4.4 (#1732)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v9.0.0-dev.md

    - these constants were removed so you might need to update your application appropriately:
        - `Roles::ROLE_ADMIN_AS_CUSTOMER`

> - fixed your version of jms/translation-bundle to 1.4.4 ([#1732](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1732))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix your version of jms/translation-bundle to 1.4.4 in order to prevent problems with translations dumping ([#1732](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1732))
```
